Documentation for optimum.exporters (#472)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/exporters/onnx/package_reference/export.mdx

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Export functions

> It is possible to export models to ONNX from 2 frameworks in 🤗 Optimum: PyTorch and TensorFlow. There is an export function for each of these frameworks, [`~exporters.onnx.convert.export_pytorch`] and [`~exporters.onnx.convert.export_tensorflow`], but the recommended way of using those is via the main export function [`~exporters.onnx.convert.export`], which will take care of using the proper exporting function according to the available framework on the system and on the model class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export models to ONNX from two frameworks in 🤗 Optimum: PyTorch and TensorFlow. There is an export function for each of these frameworks, [`~exporters.onnx.convert.export_pytorch`] and [`~exporters.onnx.convert.export_tensorflow`], but the recommended way of using those is via the main export function [`~exporters.onnx.convert.export`], which will take care of using the proper exporting function according to the available framework on the system and on the model class.
```
